Appendices
Meeting minutes 
Meeting 1: June 13th 2024: First meeting with Dr Arturo, he listened to my proposal and also gave me valuable advise from a scientist perspective. Was advised to read lots of current materials regarding my project topic. Register for BSC membership and attend some of the physical meetings.
Meeting 2: June 18th 2024: I choose the research question: can deep Learning using LSTM enhance returns in financial portfolio management? We worked on template for Gantt Chart and Kanban Board. Dr Arturo gave me a lecture on ethical use of AI to achieve objectives and the limitations of AI.
Meeting 3: June 25th 2024: Discussed at length on my proposed topic, I explained the reason for choosing a topic related to finance was due to my background in financial sector. My desire to unravel the mysteries in Stock prediction using AI. Dr Arturo asked me to read an interesting piece on black box a new podcast on artificial intelligence, hands on machine learning and deep learning from Oreilly
Meeting 4: 2nd July 2024: I explained a bit about my proposed dataset, the list of companies i intend working on. Reason for selecting a range of companies since i was dealing with financial portfolio. I was also contemplating basing my research on analysing financial statement of various companies.
Meeting 5: July 18th, 2024. Dr Arturo Explained the current reality of Deep Learning specially as it relates to Stock predictions, we discussed the pitfalls and tips to overcoming them. Explained how Gantt chart and Kanban board works. I was asked to read an interesting article on Why graphs are a matter of Life and Death. Discussed about literature review
Meeting 6: July 23rd, 2024:  Sent in my Gantt chart and Kanban board.  Dr Arturo advised I limit the number of visualisations or exploratory data analysis to enable me focus on the aim of the research and advised I increased the pace of my research due to the nature of architecture. I concluded to use yahoo finance as my data source 
Meeting 7: July 24th 2024: Had the project midpoint review in attendance was Dr Shekoufeh Rahimi in attendance. Explained my project model to both supervisors and Dr Shekoufeh asked how I intended to evaluate the model.
Meeting 8: July 31st 2024: Discussed about possible issues that will occur during evaluation of the model. Dr Arturo advised i avoid forecasting too far off so i can easily conclude with project evaluation and not start waiting and delaying the research.  I reviewed my code with Dr Arturo , the libraries, downloading dataset, cleaning and preprocessing stage. He advised i limit the number of visualisations on the raw data and concentrate on the task at hand. 

Meeting 9: August 6th, 2024 We discussed on my work so far, I explained i wanted to group the data into two sets comprising different companies with same features to ensure better training of the models. Then i will check performance of each group
Meeting 10: August 13th, 2024 We went over my codes and discussed issues i was having with the code and Dr Shekoufeh advised i commence the report as well. She also reiterated that the testing and evaluation should be included in the codes
Meeting 11: August 20th, 2024 o I went over my draft with the supervisor and I was advised to include the references and submit my draft on time. 

